Sdl 0234 rpc generator doc (#1)
vladmu/sdl_ios: generator/README.md

## Overview

> This script provides a possibility to auto-generate objc code (header \*.h and implementation \*.m classes) based on the SDL MOBILE_API XML specification provided as a source of true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script provides a possibility to auto-generate Objective-C code (header \*.h and implementation \*.m classes) based on the SDL MOBILE_API XML specification provided as a source of true.
```

  * Enums
  * Structs
  * Notification
  * Requests
  * Responses

Due to the explosion of complexity and code that is involved with mapping every exception that has ever been made in the iOS project compared to the RPC spec, the decision was made that we should instead not pursue those mappings. This has several implications:

  * We will not overwrite the existing RPCs. All newly created structs, enums, requests, responses, and notifications will be generated, but new parameters to existing RPCs will have to be manually handled. The script's `no-overwrite` (or similar) command line switch will be used.
  * Existing unit tests will not be able to be used to verify the output.

The idea is that a future major version could involve a switch-over to using all generated code instead of the current code. It's not perfect for the current version, but it is helpful for adding new RPCs.

> We cannot make a major version change that would be involved with overwriting existing RPC classes, and to map out all the differences would be a huge time and complexity-sink that the PM and PR author agreed was feasible but unmaintainable and undesirable.

Reviewer: Please rephrase this quotation to provide info from `generator` subject instead of `we`. Eg. `We will not overwrite the existing RPCs...` -> `To skip the overwriting there is possible to use --skip command line switch then existing RPCs will have to be manually handled.` etc.

#  Objetive-C transformation rules

## Overview

> These are the general transformation rules for SDL RPC classes objc Library. The base classes description already included in the library is not provided here for more one may want to view the source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the general transformation rules for SDL RPC classes Objective-C Library. The base classes description already included in the library is not provided here for more one may want to view the source code.
```

      [param_name|member_name]: {
        "origin": [custom_param_name|custom_member_name], 
        "constructor_argument": [custom_constructor_argument_name_string],
        "constructor_prefix": [custom_constructor_parameter_name_string],
        "method_suffix": [custom_forName:SDLRPCParameterName_method_suffix_name_string],
        "deprecated": [custom_deprecated_description_string],
        "mandatory": [true|false], 
        "since": [custom_since_version_string], 
        "of_class": [custom_"ofClass:{{of_class}}"_string],
        "type_native": [custom_type_used_in_constructor_string],
        "type_sdl": [custom_type_used_in_methods_string], 
        "modifier": [assign|copy|strong|weak],
        "for_name": [custom_"_sdl_{{for_name}}"_name_string],
        "description": [custom_description_string],
        "constructor_argument_override": [custom_constructor_argument_string],
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Root keys in the structure are `"enums"`, `"structs"` and `"functions"`. 
On the next level expected `name`, `template`, `description`, `deprecated`, `sort_constructor`, `-params`, `params_title` or corresponding name of required `<enum>`, `<struct>`, `<function>`.

> The the next level, is set of properties which present in each corresponding structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then the next level, is set of properties which present in each corresponding structure.
```
